README.md, before:

# `hithercontent`

A Node.js package for interacting with GatherContent's API.

## Usage

Create a JSON file containing an object with the following properties:

 - `user`: the value should be your username for your GatherContent account
 - `akey`: the value should be the API key -- you will need to generate this if
 you haven't already

Let's say your JSON file is called `_auth.json`. The following code will
initiate the `hithercontent` for use with your project.

    var fs = require("_auth.json"),
        hithercontent = require("hithercontent");

    hithercontent.init();

You can then use the initiated `hithercontent` object to fetch content from
the GatherContent API.

## Example

Assuming you have a string called `request` containing the API call details,
for example, where `project` is the project ID or number:

    var request = "/items?project_id=" + project;

You can then use the following to access and work with the content.

    hithercontent.getJSONfromAPI(request, function(data) {
        console.log(data);
    });


## Functions

### `getJSONfromAPI`

#### Arguments

 - `request`: *String.* **Required.** The path you are making a request to.
 - `callback`: *Function.* **Required.** Should have one argument, which represents the data that you expect to receive, as an object. You can use this function to act on the data asynchronously.

#### Returns

Nothing. Acts asynchronously using the `callback` argument.

### `reduceItemToKVPairs`

#### Arguments

 - `data`: *Object.* **Required.** The object you want to reduce.

#### Returns

An object containing key-value pairs for each of the properties on a GatherContent page. This gets rid of all the IDs and extraneous data that the API gives you and simply gives you the content on a page in a label and content format.

Commit message:

Added tip about working with authentication details to `README.md`.
May not be necessary but I thought it could help some users who
might otherwise accidentally expose personal details.

README.md, after:

# `hithercontent`

A Node.js package for interacting with GatherContent's API.

## Usage

Create a JSON file containing an object with the following properties:

 - `user`: the value should be your username for your GatherContent account
 - `akey`: the value should be the API key -- you will need to generate this if
 you haven't already

Let's say your JSON file is called `_auth.json`. The following code will
initiate the `hithercontent` for use with your project.

    var fs = require("_auth.json"),
        hithercontent = require("hithercontent");

    hithercontent.init();

You can then use the initiated `hithercontent` object to fetch content from
the GatherContent API.

*(Tip: If using Git to version your code, add `_auth.js` or your equivalent filename to your `.gitignore` file. Storing your username and API key in a separate JSON file means you can version your code and share it without worrying about releasing the details to the public. By adding the authentication details filename to `.gitignore`, you remove the risk of accidentally commiting the details to your repository.)*

## Example

Assuming you have a string called `request` containing the API call details,
for example, where `project` is the project ID or number:

    var request = "/items?project_id=" + project;

You can then use the following to access and work with the content.

    hithercontent.getJSONfromAPI(request, function(data) {
        console.log(data);
    });


## Functions

### `getJSONfromAPI`

#### Arguments

 - `request`: *String.* **Required.** The path you are making a request to.
 - `callback`: *Function.* **Required.** Should have one argument, which represents the data that you expect to receive, as an object. You can use this function to act on the data asynchronously.

#### Returns

Nothing. Acts asynchronously using the `callback` argument.

### `reduceItemToKVPairs`

#### Arguments

 - `data`: *Object.* **Required.** The object you want to reduce.

#### Returns

An object containing key-value pairs for each of the properties on a GatherContent page. This gets rid of all the IDs and extraneous data that the API gives you and simply gives you the content on a page in a label and content format.
